THOUGHTS ON MENU WEBSITE:

5/5
After looking at 30 websites and compiling data, here is what should be considered:
- Probably no prices on the website		
only 10 of the 30 had the prices listed,
that being said, the ones that had the prices tended to be the smaller restaurants that weren't large companies.,
so maybe prices should be shown
- descriptions under each product
usually there was only a description if there was ambiguity,
noone is gonna wonder why there is no description for a pepperoni pizza, 
but they will want to know about a niche product or a product where the name isn't helpful enough to the customer,
pretty much every product of ours fits those 2.
- Have sections for sweets, savories, beverages, etc
Doesn't have to be those specific sections, but there needs to be sections,
literally every website was sectioned like this.
- change from text on the side to text below the picture.
Only 4 of the 30 websites had text on the side of the picture, and one of those was a list style menu
- Continuing from above, there should be at least 3 products per row, not 2
Since the text is going below the pictures, more products can now be fit on each row
- Consider having website change from info below back to info to the side dynamically based on page size
panda express does this, when the web page is at max size it is info below, but if it shrinks enough, it becomes info to the side.
Additionally, if someone is looking on their found it might be a good idea to be info the the side
- keep uniformity among products
if one product has a picture next to it, they all need to,
And they all need to be the same size so one section isn't bigger than the other,
there is an option to only have 2-3 pictures at the top


MENU SEction

use sticky instead of fixed for navbar
just make the navbar manually since it looks really easy
background color for navbar is our blue with with text
menu items will be either in white blocks with blue text with a light background for the page, OR
menu items will be white blocks with blue text with some kind of border(black solid or maybe like a shadow of some sort
consider changing all bootstrap if the rest are this easy
3-4 items per row,


the text for the murals can be larger, the smallest font is hard to see and the rest should be scaled up to match that
still need to figure out the order issue with the flex disply or the order issue with bootstrap, look into flex one first.

2024-7-23
Need to use figma and the image templates made earlier to design a picture there. Once done, do the beta testing feature to conver it to a website.
Inspect website to get html and css(annoying part) of frame. Use that code for designs. This probably isn't the end of it
this probably won't work. WAIT. JUST SET A MINIMUM/MAXIMUM WIDTH FOR SIZE THAT LOOKS GOOD ON THE WEBSITE.
 HAVE THE ROW FLEX UNTIL IT STARTS TO GET OUT OF QUALITY(BOTH FOR ZOOMING IN AND OUT). IF THE SIZE RANGE FOR CURRENT FRAME ISN'T GOOD, 
MAKE A SMALLER FRAME USING CANVA AND THE PHOTO EDITOR PAGE TO MAKE THE MURAL DETAILS IMAGE INTO A BETTER SIZE RANGE.

